hey guys in Paris tonight here as you
know they are creating two new games for
the close comic series or guessing
gateway to con and the bloody first I'll
be honest I'm not really that interested
in gateway to con it just sounds like a
new pamphlet in the fog game but with
British guys and I'll be honest I'm not
that excited for it however the bloody
first I am incredibly incredibly excited
for and if you haven't heard of the last
month or two they have been discussing
the new engine that they are creating
for the game yes
a new engine we are not just seeing a
mod which all the other games seems to
be we're not seeing a mod for the core
in close combat games we are actually
seeing a whole new close combat game
they ever confirmed they are creating a
new engine for the game this new engine
will be multiple fully moddable and
there will be a scenario editor with an
integrated map editor the map sizes will
remain the same
the AI is getting a total rewrite and
there are specific improvements planned
I cannot believe that this is happening
this is like the biggest change in the
close combat series ever this is the
first time we are actually seeing a
whole new close combat game I am
overjoyed there is going to be a whole
new AI biggest difference in my opinion
a whole new AI there's going to be a
scenario editor with integrate map and
it's a we have never seen this before
the game is going to be model the
existing maps are not going to be 500
times larger than the current ones which
is great I cannot pick fault with
anything that they have planned so far I
just I don't know everything I'm reading
seems to sound like they are just
appealing to me in a sense I really am
really happy and it sounds like they
can't really do much with the current
system and that's why we that gateway
the card is coming out and it's kind of
like yeah it's just the same as it has
Panthers in the fog it sounds like they
can't really do much more with
current system so that's why they're
creating a whole new engine a whole new
experience a whole new game for the game
you know for the bloody first again I am
that's what I think it is I reckon it's
going to be great and I can see what
they're doing I can see which way they
try to aim and I'm really looking
forward to it and I know some of you
might be a bit scared by this you might
think our change is bad and maybe we
shouldn't see a whole new game because
you know close combat is what it is for
Steve McClaren said that despite the new
engine players familiar with the current
game should immediately immediately know
that they're still playing close combat
and know how to play it so we're getting
a whole new game but it's still gonna be
close combat I think you also said that
they're still gonna have the drop down
view you know the way you look down and
your trees from above it's still gonna
be like that just with 3d and a new AI
and a new everything but it's still
gonna be close combat it's not gonna be
a first-person shooter or anything lies
still gonna be close combat and it's
gonna play the same in sense so it's
gonna play the same it just could be a
new AI it's a fight against and things
like that I can't see problems with that
as long as they don't mess it up badly I
can't see you know I can't see anything
wrong with that I don't you know I'm
sure they'll make a mistake here or
there but I think overall we're gonna
see something amazing and I have faith
in matrix Slytherin black hand Studios
whatever they call I am I have faith in
them that they will do a good job of
this I'm optimistic I'm I'm really happy
that this is happening will it be the
end of the series as we know it will it
be a complete disaster
that's that remains to be seen but in my
opinion at least they're trying to do
something they're trying to give us a
new experience that trying to give us a
new game they're trying to improve the
things that are wrong with the current
system the current engine and for me I
cannot respect them more for that
because at the moment I understand the
current system is bad it's not that
great yeah I does suffer from problems
you know there is no integrated map
editor that you know the game could be
improved quite dramatically I've
discussed this before
so I am looking forward to it what are
your opinions you know let me know are
you scared of this change are you happy
for this you know write in the comments
below allows no and yeah I'm as I saying
I'm looking forward to it I'll try and
bring any more latest news I mean this
has been discussed over the last two or
three months so have been be a bit
behind really but I'll try and give you
the latest news as and when but thanks
for watching guys and bye for now